c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\bin\Debug\CollegeSystem.exe.config
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\bin\Debug\CollegeSystem.exe
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\bin\Debug\CollegeSystem.pdb
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Assistant_Details2.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Department.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Department_Information.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Form1.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Gratuate_Assistant1.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.exe
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.pdb
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.StudentGrades.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Employees.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Sections.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.ShowEmployees.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Deans_Data.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.CompleteStudentsRecord.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.ShoqDepartmentDetails.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.ShowSections.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.StudentsTransection.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.GraduateAssistants.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Grades.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.EmployeesExperience.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.StudentListBasedOnGrades.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Main.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.ProffesorOFDepartment.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.SectionsCapacityWise.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.AddStudents.resources
c:\users\sibghat\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.AddStudentTransections.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\bin\Debug\CollegeSystem.exe.config
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.exe
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.pdb
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\bin\Debug\CollegeSystem.exe
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\bin\Debug\CollegeSystem.pdb
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.AddStudents.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.AddStudentTransections.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Assistant_Details2.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.CompleteStudentsRecord.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Deans_Data.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Department.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Department_Information.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Employees.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.EmployeesExperience.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Form1.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Grades.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.GraduateAssistants.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Gratuate_Assistant1.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Main.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.ProffesorOFDepartment.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.Sections.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.SectionsCapacityWise.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.ShoqDepartmentDetails.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.ShowEmployees.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.ShowSections.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.StudentGrades.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.StudentListBasedOnGrades.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.StudentsTransection.resources
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\bin\Debug\CollegeSystem.exe.config
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.exe
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.pdb
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystemm\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\bin\Debug\CollegeSystem.exe.config
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystemm\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.exe
C:\Users\kbhar\Desktop\CollegeSystemm\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.pdb
F:\Semester 4\Databases\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\bin\Debug\CollegeSystem.exe.config
F:\Semester 4\Databases\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.exe
F:\Semester 4\Databases\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\CollegeSystem\obj\Debug\CollegeSystem.pdb
